The Joe Rogan experience. We talked about the CIA's website yet.
What about their website? Have you ever gone to it? No. Jamie,
would you mind pulling that up? I have applied for a job. What do I have.
To do you apply for a job with the CIA?
Well, I want to, I was stoned and it was late at night and I'm like, wait,
you can apply online.
Whoa, ask Molly. There's a cartoon. Hold on. Back up.
This is the CIA. Ask Molly, your CIA source on the inside.
And it's hashtag ask Molly hail and Molly hails like a hot agent.
This week's ask Molly hill question comes from a writer who wants to know if
there is a path forward for them at CIA,
since they have done illegal drugs in the past. My question.
That's your question.
It seems like it's your question. As they have done illegal drugs in the past,
let's see what Molly's answer is. Oh, let's see. Molly's answer. So it says,
find Molly's answer. What does Molly say?
Let me be clear in this from the get-go having previously used illegal drugs
does not immediately disqualify you from working at CIA.
If working for CIA is your life's goal.
And we certainly hope it is there could be a path for you here with that said
there's certain, there are certain restrictions you should be aware of,
especially if you've used illegal drugs within the past year.
Generally speaking to be eligible for CIA employment.
Applicants must not have used illegal drugs within the past 12 months.
This is as with most things,
a general rule by which to gauge your higher ability. That's on the word kids
type, hopefully an applicant, but, uh, not only an applicant,
but as the potential holder of a security clearance,
it might seem a bit archaic,
but consider the access to information we're giving it CA employees, uh,
and consequences of granting access to the wrong person.
How much access to information? Just read that real quick.
It might seem a bit archaic,
but consider the access to information we're giving.
It's giving CIA employees. What access.
Oh, are you giving them you're in a simulator?
That's probably the first thing they say after you get hired, they're like,
it's a simulator. We're just doing like what the programmer wants. It's like,
I know you're going to freak out for two months.
We're going to give you like a protocol of antidepressants.
Cause you can go nihilistic or absurd is when you realize you're just a string
of code that's running, but you'll get over it. And then there's an egg.
You can go. The thing reads your mind. It's kind of cool show you that later.
Regularly handle classified information,
which if leaked could spell disaster for national security and endangered,
the life of CIA officers is my favorite word assets and their
family assets is one of my favorite words they use.
We have an asset in Jerusalem, an asset. You have an asset.
Is it a person? He know a guy he's an asset. He's an asset.
Yeah. He's got a number like what's an asset.
An asset is like stocks. You had an asset, you got a stock.
I got stock in Palestinians.
I got some Palestinians saved up. You've got some assets.
Just some people you connected with.
I connect with them. They're my assets. And now you may be wondering,
that's all fine, Molly.
But I live in a state where marijuana use was legalized under state law.
So why would any of this really apply? In my case, the short answer is,
or would any of this really apply? In my case, the short answer is yes,
marijuana remains illegal under federal law in
every state. The CIA is bound by federal law,
which prohibits CIA from granting security clearances to unlawful users
of controlled substances,
including marijuana state laws do not supersede
those of the federal government.
The great Lord who looks over the land with an iron fist for more information
regarding the federal government security clearance guidelines regarding drug
use and other considerations, you can check out the w w w w w.
W what if the next line was like, Hey, what's up Joe? That's cool.
You're showing this on your podcast. No.
Simulation. But I.
Do think like in there, is there also kind of saying like that being said,
if you can set on fire with your mind or something, when you're stoned,
come talk to us. It's like, you know what I mean?
There are saying like the other cool thing.
When you look at him applying for a job is it says, uh, after you applied,
don't tell anybody you apply for the job will like approach you regarding the
job, which is so cool. You can't talk about it when you apply.
With me mother. Absolutely. Checking your phone.
They're checking your, I applied. And like,
I just leaned into the fact that like, it.
They're going to look at everything I do.
And then also like imagining this some point some CIA agent might come up to me
like, Hey, what's up, man? Hey, what's going on?
Did you really want to be a bookkeeper at the Pentagon? No.
I wanted me to see age and dude,
cause I mean, you know, wouldn't you wouldn't you like to meet? No know one.
You know, a CIA agent. I've had him on the podcast multiple times, Mike Baker.
He does a lot of consulting for TV shows and security stuff. So.
You're you, you are in it. And is he working for them now?
No. Well, yeah,
he's a former CIA operative. What does that mean?
Do you really think they ever stopped talking to each other? No. No.
He does security clearance stuff and security studies got a whole,
has a security.
Can I ask you a question that will probably get made into like a YouTube clip
accusing you of being an asset of the CIA? Sure.
So, okay.
Let's imagine this one day you get contacted by somebody who's the
CIA and they show you convincing data
regarding something, you know, whatever. It may be,
meteoric impact some other pending danger that is like,
you look at it and it's like, whatever it is, they give you, you,
you believe it. And they're like, listen, I, Joe, we know you're like,
we know that you're like a wild animal. And we know that like, you're you,
you don't want to be dishonest. And we understand that,
but we gotta figure out a way to get this kind of information out to the world.
Because if we don't like it, it's going to be really bad.
And we're just going to people like you and just trying to get whatever the
thing is. They want you to say a little thing,
an idea of how they want you to be. And the fact they're not offering you money.
They're not offering you money there. And they're also like saying like,
don't worry if you say no.
Did you get that job with the CIA?
Excuse me? Did I get the.
Did you get that job that you applied for? It seems like you're priming me.
What for your you're you're gonna give me a suggestion later.
Listen, I know what you're doing, man. Joe.
Have you ever thought of a blue butterfly, Joe
[inaudible] yeah, but seriously, what would your response be? If like,
someone's like, look, we just need your help.
Listen, I think central intelligence agency. I think FBI, I think,
I think the DEA, I think they're all necessary.
I don't think they're unnecessary.
I think that most of what they're doing is trying to protect us.
I do think also that some of those guys turn to Cowboys and try to fly Coke back
from Mexico and crash. CIA jets.
That's true to all that that happened in MENA, Arkansas, you know,
all that that happened when Clinton was governor with Barry seals,
when they were running Coke back and forth and dropping off in MENA, Arkansas,
that guy was a CIA contractor. There's a lot of those guys that were CIA. Look,
they got compromised. I think, but that doesn't mean the whole CIA is bad.
Doesn't mean we don't need a CIA man. If you talk to people, if they're honest,
I don't know if they're, let's just assume. They're honest.
Have you talked to people that deal with trying to infiltrate
terrorist groups and deal with tracking terrorists and deal with trying to
figure out if someone's trying to make a dirty bomb,
trying to figure out if someone's ready to blow up a mall and they're in there,
they're doing this actively every day, all day.
That's essential, right? That's essential. So the CIA,
oh MK ultra. They,
they dose people in whorehouses that there's not the same people. Okay.
This is a giant organization has been around for a long time. Right? Well,
you're hearing about from jolly west and the MK ultra, those people are dead.
Those are no's are not alive today, but you know who is alive today, ISIS,
you know, who is alive today? Oh, a lot of threats all around the world,
you know, who is alive today? Kim? Jong-un the leader of China,
all these dictators that are heavily armed all over the world.
There's a lot of them. You've got to keep an eye on those. Right?
If you don't think you have to keep an eye on him, you're crazy. Right?
What will the CIA is Eve? No, no, no, no. Humans are evil.
And sometimes you need someone who's paying attention to the evil people, right?
Yeah. That's what you need now.
Does that mean that they're not going to stray across the lines of what is
correct and good and fair and, and, and,
and start spying on regular people too. No, it doesn't mean that, right?
It means that needs to be curbed that on American. Right.
But if you think someone might be a terrorist,
like you should be able to find out before they blow up a school totally. Right.
1%, a hundred percent. So the question is, how good are these people at,
at walking? That line turns out pretty good. Turns out.
Pretty good. There's a bunch of. That's happened over time.
But also they've gotten Intel on all these different terrorists and all these
different terrible situations all over the world and probably saved a lot of
people. It's not perfect, but nothing's perfect. It's not a thing.
That's perfect. Ever,
whether it's the post office or police officers or fire department or
doctors. No, one's perfect. Including the CIA, gluten, the FBI,
including the army, the Navy, there's going to be problems. Right. But overall,
they're trying to protect. I would imagine if I had to ask, like,
what are you guys here for to make sure this doesn't hit the fan w pay attention
to the retention. I do. Do some of them branch out into Coke business.
Yes. I'm sure some of them sell Coke.
I'm sure there's someone for the federal government.
That's selling guns to a bad guy right now. I'm sure.
I'm sure it's the people are people.
If you got a million people you're going to get 30 bad ones or whatever the the
number is. It's just part of life.
Yeah. I, yeah. Look, I mean all that.
For sure. A CIA apologist I sent you up. I don't believe a word.
Ah, man, come on man. You know,
I get a big bonus with the like I, you know, I don't.
Yeah. I wearing a wire, bro. You don't have to wear a wire anymore.
Just carry your phone.
Wearing a wire on a podcast. I'm monitoring you, Joe.
Imagine if you like, you got like too close to the mic is like, Jimmy's like,
Hmm, dude.
Interference.